- 👋 Hi, I’m @DanMolenhouse, a Master of Information Systems Management student at Carnegie Mellon University.
- The core MISM program focuses on technical and leadership skills for the tech industry, but I have concentrated on my true passion: cybersecurity. Atypical to most MISM students, I have taken courses like Ethical Penetration Testing, Data-focused Python, and Privacy in the Digital Age to expand my cybersecurity and privacy knowledge.
- Studying at the [#1 school in both Information and Technology Management and Cybersecurity](https://www.heinz.cmu.edu/about/rankings) was extremely important to me because my journey into the cybersecurity industry marks a complete diversion from the industry I previously studied and worked in. My undergraduate studies were in Mechanical Engineering, and I worked professionally as a Mechanical Engineer for three years prior to deciding to change my career. I chose CMU because I craved an environment where learning is paramount and excellence is the expectation. I knew I needed to be in a place where I would be challenged, learn a lot very quickly, and be surrounded by people with experiences and background completely different than my own.
- As the end of my time at CMU approaches, it can be confidently said that the institution lives up to its reputation. Many weekend nights are spent debugging stubborn programs, solving tough economics problems, and brainstorming ways we can provide value to our clients. More important than the technical problems we solve, however, are the people we meet and grow close to during our time here. The times I will remember most fondly are the roadtrips to cities with new friends that grew up on the other side of the world; People that, given any other circumstance, I would likely never have grown close to. In this regard, CMU has prepared us not just to be able to handle the work we will do after we graduate, but empathize with the people we may end up working closely with.
- 

<!---
DanMolenhouse/DanMolenhouse is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
